This document is meant to describe real life scenarios of a person using the app to host a session. It will use language as if it was a friend telling you a story, or passage from a non-fiction book, or biography. The purpose is to capture the intimate, real life moment to moment experiences, reactions, needs and expectations a human may have while using this app, and why he needs to use this app. The ultimate purpose is this document will eventually be used to make informed UX Design considerations. Help us determine where we should priotize ease of access to a given button, alter colors for certain actions, determine the workflow for a given page. This is intended to be a very human centric document, and it only covers the host perspective. It doesn't dive into the admin functionality, roles, or permissions, just tries to paint a story which can be used to drive UX decision, and features we need on version 1, for the perspective of the host.

---

I was at a party with friends, maybe a dozen or 2 people. As the person who is throwing the party, I wanted to get everyone's feeling on ordering a few more pizzas. My QR code from the FOV app I printed days ago was placed high on the wall where everyone could see. So I opened the app, and started a session for my QR code, I was in such a hurry I didn't even bother to formally set a topic for the session. Instead, I shouted to the room, asking everyone to quickly share their thoughts on pizza by scanning the QR code on the wall. Moments later I got push notifications from my phone from the FOV app. People were casting their votes. As the host who created the QR code in FOV, as I opened the push notifications and went into the FOV app, I could see votes coming in as they were happening. Both those who had the app open, staring at the screen deciding how to cast their vote, and those who already casted it. I put down my phone while I cleaned the host, refilled drinks for my friends, but just a few minutes later I opened the app again and could see most people at that moment were a strong 5. While obviously not everyone in the house votes, the majority was enough. I closed the app and started ordering pizza. I wonder if there are more people voting strongly for pizza this year compared to the party I threw last year? I'll check the history later. For now, Pizza!!

--

I am a scrum master leading a team of 12 people. Some of my team are new, and every day during our stand up call I want to get a vibe check from my team, to surface any issues that need to be discussed at a team, but also just get a sense for how their day is going. Normally I ask them to do a fist of five by holding their hand in front of the camera, but I also invite them to scan the QR code on the screen of my phone that I am holding up to my own camera. Physically holding my phone screen with the QR code is likely not needed. After all, if everyone has received a copy of the QR code I sent via e-mail, they should just be able to scan that and join my session that way. In the app, with my phone still in my hand, in a matter of moments I can see votes trickling in... mostly fives, fours, and one three. In my mind, I think "Uh oh", but I smile outwardly and start to address John, who I can see is the one with the 3 vote. "Hey, John how's it going today, anything I can do to help? Anything you'd like to talk about?"

The meeting ends eventually, and I'm glad I was able to learn about John's concerns early, and address them. Looking back on the history of votes for the last few years, it seems like Q2 and Q4 are always when people share the lowest votes. Maybe this has something to do with all pressure we're under around those times to hit our quarterly goals? I have to think about that, but I'm glad I have these metrics to look back on

--

I am the CTO, sitting with my colleagues, the CEO, CFO. We are in a moderately sized corporate lounge area or auditorium where our employees have gathered to watch and listen to our power point presentation, where my computer screen is sharing its entire screen on a larger projected display for all to see.. On the slides, during the presentation, occasionally will be a QR code, each fielding a different question / topic. I want this presentation to be interactive and fun. And I very much want to easily gage the room's interest in moving taco tuesday's to thursday. So to make sure no one feels uncomfortable, I've made these sessions anonymous. No matter if they log in or not, their vote is still anonymous. I want everyone to see the results, and thankfully the app has provided a way for me to email a publicly shareable link of the results of this session for anyone to access from their web browser or phone's web browser without being logged into the app as the votes are still coming in. The app gave me the option to set the link to expire after an hour, a day, of several days, but for my presentation those options didn't matter, so I just let the default option be. More importantly, I choose to email the link to myself before my presentation began, and i've opened that link in a browser tab. Just waiting for me. Once I felt enough of the room voted, I opened that tab on the same computer where my presentation is sharing its screen so the whole room can see. I was so happy to see enough people votes for a strong 4, we're moving taco tuesday to thursday!!! Now I need to continue with the rest of my presentation and pass it on to the next person. Thankfully it was super fast for them to cast their votes, it seems like all they had to do was scan the qr code, and an instant experience or app clip appeared, so they never had to download the app.

--

I am a youtuber who is trying to increase my subscribers, and engage with my viewers. In my youtube profile I added a link to all my other links, among them my link to the voting session in the app. Each week i post a new video, and for each video I create a new voting session and QR code. I put the link to the voting session alongside my other links ( using linktree) where viewers can click on it and vote anonymously on their web browser desktop or mobile. And I prominently display the QR code at the start and end of my videos, so people can maybe scan it with a mobile device and get the instant / app clip experience. (I'm aware most people watching my video is on their phone and therfore can't use their phone to both scan a QR code with their phone, but who knows, they will figure it out, or maybe they are watching on a desktop behind their computer screen and want to scan with their mobile device. My goal as a youtuber is simply to boost engagement. Often I share the QR code and link to instagram and facebook too). Managing each voting session is hectic, but atleast there's a date for each i created, and I can name them, edit the name, delete them one by one or all at once if I wanted to, and I cam see which voting sessions has new votes casted since I last opened the app and the total of all votes at a glance while I scroll down the list in the app. Sadly, my youtube career may end early because only a handful of people has voted in any of my sessions over the last MONTH! My views in youtube is also really low. Some of the voting sessions witb 0 votes tell me X number of people viewed the session, but apparently they didn't even bother to vote. Maybe my question or topic is too confusing. I should change my youtube strategy.
